The social-engineer toolkit (SET) is a tool that helps automate some insanely
complex techniques and make your attacks believable. A tool is just that, a tool.
Think of SET as a sword. The sword is only as good as the swordsman’s skill and
understanding of how to use the sword. Understanding how to customize and
use the SET to its fullest capacity will make your success ratios on social-
engineering attacks extremely successful.

se-toolkit 

---------------------------------
The two main attacks we will be focusing on are the Java applet attack method
and the credential harvester. The Java applet attack is an attack that does not take
advantage of the latest sexy exploit, but takes advantage of how Java was
designed. With Java, there are full-fledged applications called applets. These
applets are written in Java and are often used in production applications all
around the world. For example, Cisco’s WebEx utilizes Java applets in order to
launch online web conferencing. Applets are extremely common in web appli-
cations and something that is highly believable under the right pretext. Select
number one, then number two for the site cloner. SET will automatically go out
to a web page, clone it, rewrite it with a malicious Java applet, rewrite the web
page to inject the applet, set up a web server, and create multiple payloads for
you and all within a few minutes.
Once you select the “site cloner”, select “no” for Network Address Translation
(NAT) or port forwarding. This would be used only if you were behind a router
and had port forwarding in place and needed to forward ports. Next, enter the
Internet protocol (IP) address of your machine (the attacker) as shown in.

Next, we specify what page we want to clone, we will use https://www.trustedsec.
com as our target. You should notice that

Dave Kennedy created PyInjector and MultiPyInjector which injects
shellcode straight into memory without touching disk. This often confuses or
evades antivirus completely and allows you to have a meterpreter shell without
the worry of being detected. Select number 15, the PyInjector shellcode injec-
tion. Specify the default port [443]; this is simply what port will connect back to
use (reverse). We discussed the reverse shells in Chapter 4.

Next, select 1 for the Windows meterpreter reverse TCP payload. When your
screen is loading.SET works by having multiple methods for attacking the target once the Java
applet has been accepted. The first is utilizing a Powershell injection technique
first developed by Matthew Graeber (http://www.exploit-monday.com/2011/10/
exploiting-powershells-features-not.html) which allows you to utilize Power-
shell to inject shellcode straight into memory without ever touching disk. In
addition to this technique, SET also uses a Powershell Execution Restriction
Bypass attack that was originally released at Defcon 18 (http://www.youtube.
com/watch?v¼JKlVONfD53w) by David Kennedy (ReL1K) and Josh Kelley
(winfang). These two attacks combined deliver a crippling blow in gaining
remote code execution on a system. The second method is the PyInjector that
you specified previously.
Once SET is finished loading, it will launch Metasploit automatically.

After clicking “I accept”, then “run” you can switch back to your Kali machine. At
this point, you should notice multiple meterpreter shells as shown in
Figure 5.10.
Once the victim clicks run, they are redirected back to the original website and
never knew anything happened. In addition, if a user decides to hit cancel, the
applet will reappear and not allow them to close their browser. The only way
around it is to go to task manager and kill the browser or hit run. This attack is
extremely effective and circumvents most of the current antivirus products in
existence today. In addition, new obfuscated and encrypted payloads are auto-
matically generated and uploaded to SET every 2 h. Always ensure you are
running the latest version of SET.

Always, always, always update SET before running it! Dave is a beast when it comes to
coding and updating SET. At the very least, you will get new encrypted payloads every 2 h.
This can be extremely handy in bypassing antivirus.













